they're gonna work with me first time do
Pookie
no no no one can't go different life now
you come back yes I'm looking for
something you can find whatever you wish
in talking about a man who kidnapped a
little girl from her American mother
will not be looking for such a man will
be dangerous for you men like him with
big baby Robert I'm the only friend
it's great you helping all these random
people and every
[Music]
but stay off the radar something happens
to one of ours
so I'm obligated to look into it thought
you retired oh I am just like you're
dead yeah what's the matter
[Music]
they knew the floor she was off
they're tying up loose ends exactly part
number seven years max mistake to go to
war with him is
they're gonna war with me
whoever did this of all chart skill sets
it with the agency family busy start
right very good
well not one one goat
they killed my friend
so I'm gonna kill each and every one of
them and then they disappoint me is that
only I get to do it once
senior care and all those books around I
figured you for some kind of teacher
from a high level
[Music]